I'll eat them later tonight.
Don't shock them one by one.
The play must be free.
This is your self-cultivation, you understand?
I...
Me...
I know.
Send it
Tuan Xiaodai in front of five emperors all his life
Several times in the car.
The assessment of the families of these dynasties about him is all martial people but all heroic.
I want to play this role well.
Swordsmanship is the most basic mandatory course you must master.
Of course, some difficult movements, we will also find you a pair of bodies.
The assassin is a 61-year-old.
I learned martial arts from a young age.
Han Son went to learn martial arts
Don't go too patiently.
You've been learning martial arts since childhood.
Laughing at Dong Hai who does not know you are cowardly like a mouse, weak and helpless.
Even killing a chicken can be terrifying.
Dare to boast
Some shit.
Let's go early ourselves.
Don't get hurt for a second.
I just have a problem with my mind.
How did you two talk?
Why does it tend to be so low?
I'm also for his sake.
This sword has no eyes.
If you're not careful, you might die.
Don't forget, he's a mental patient.
I'm working.
It s not even the Master s turn to comment.
As for Qin Xiao, is he mentally ill?
This has nothing to do with you.
Don't forget.
Qin Xiao is the only male owner of White Prince.
If you have any problem
You can go find Prince White.
If you are a member of the White House
So I consider myself a smart person.
But the Liang family is one of the people behind this play.
I want every line to be perfect.
Director Chen then let the young master himself help you to teach poetry.
How much does your number one man weigh?
Qin Xiao, aren't you very confident?
Do you dare to compete with me?
Hey, you idiot, who are you looking down on?
Our young master's salary used to be the national archery champion.
Almost got selected for the national team.
Wage less every day hard sword training.
The boy you're wearing slacks is playing mud.
I really don't know how high the sky is.
All right.
Don't bullshit him.
I dare not compare with me.
Do we need slaves?
Then let's warn that guy named Luong Uy.
He's doing something under your nose.
Dare to deliberately target.
Please be careful not to.
The emperor is also unstoppable.
His descendants should also be the middle-aged phoenix.
Check a little
It is also appropriate for our family to see if he is worthy of the blood of this Dai Qin royal family?